# Allegro Musica Design
Design of the Allegro Musica App

Repository for design specification for the Allegro Musica App. This is where new project specification are developed and specified.


## Business case

The purpose of our project is to provide a platform where people that are interested in the theory of classical music can study and learn about all aspects to it. The application will provide an easier method to their learning as all the content would be sectioned and explained thoroughly. That’s the purpose of the development of my music theory application. This product is necessary because it makes the learning of music theory easier because people can view the application whenever they want. The application will detail the fundamentals of music theory from beginner, intermediate and advanced and the structure will be clear and the explanation so people can have a better time understanding the nature of music theory. it’ll strictly focus on traditional diatonic harmony, which is the foundation of western music. Learning music theory is an extremely complicated subject and it’s difficult to grasp, this application is intended to reduce the level of difficultly through its interactive features, modern interface, and clear explanation. This method to learn music theory should hopefully encourage users to that are interested in music to study the fundamentals of music theory and even possibly engage in composition. 

## Objectives

The Aims & Objectives for our project are to create a modern platform where people who are interested in learning traditional diatonic harmony can use a mobile application as a basis for studying. It’s an attempt to make learning music theory easier as it’s the concepts explained through text and visual illustrations. I’ll be organising the stages of the project and through using the Waterfall Model, which allows me to break down the project into smaller steps so there’s a clear focus on what’s happening with the project. The stages are going to be five as it's based off the Waterfall Model so there will be “Requirements”, “Design”, “Implementation”, “Verification” and “Maintenance”. We’ll just be demonstrating what’s detailed in the process with the first three stages. The “Requirements” is where I’ll be gathering all the information required for the project, which is the main content and software as those are the essential parts for the project, without these, there wouldn’t be a project to create the software or an idea to develop. The “Design” aspect of the project would involve the design of the mobile application interface, so this is where it will user interface, font, colours will be worked on. Design also the development of the mobile application itself so it will be created with Android Studio as it’s going to be operating on Android. This process would be programming the application so that the features and functions that were detailed in the “Requirements” section is functioning as intended. The “Implementation” stage is where we’ll be incorporating the requirements into an actual prototype model, the requirements are the features and functionality of the mobile application, the designs like the mobile user interface, font styles and colour scheme.  
